# 1. 
## Fundamental Data Types
- Character types: They represent a single character, such as 'A' or '$'. The most basic type is char, which is a one-byte character. Other types are also provided for wider characters.
- Numerical integer types: Can store a whole number value, such as 7 or 1024. They exist in a variety of sizes, and can either be signed or unsigned, depending on whether they support negative values or not.
- Floating-point types: They can represent real values, such as 3.14 or 0.01, with different levels of precision, depending on which of the three floating-point types is used.
- Boolean type: The boolean type, known in C++ as bool, can only represent one of two states, true or false.

### Character Types:
| Type Names | About Size                               |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| char       | 8 bits/1byte                             |
| char16_t   | at least 16 bits                         |
| char32_t   | at least 32 bits                         |
| wchar_t    | Supports largest supported character set |

### Integer Types (Signed):
| Type Names           | About Size                               |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| signed char          | Same size as char. At least 8 bits.      |
| signed short int     | at least 16 bits                         |
| signed int           | Not smaller than short. At least 16 bits |
| signed long int      | at least 32 bits                         |
| signed long long int | At least 64 bits.                        |

### Integer types (unsigned):
| Type Names           | About Size                               |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| unsigned char          | Same size as char. At least 8 bits.      |
| unsigned short int     | at least 16 bits                         |
| unsigned int           | Not smaller than short. At least 16 bits |
| unsigned long int      | at least 32 bits                         |
| unsigned long long int | At least 64 bits.                        |

### Floating-point types:
| Type Names  | About Size                          |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------- |
| float       | Same size as char. At least 8 bits. |
| double      | Precision not less than float       |
| long double | Precision not less than double      |

## Boolean Type:
| Type Names | About Size |
| ---------- | ---------- |
| bool       |            |

## Void Type:
| Type Names | About Size |
| ---------- | ---------- |
| void       | no storage |

## Null Pointer:
| Type Names        | About Size |
| ----------------- | ---------- |
| decltype(nullptr) |            |

- Within each of the groups above, the difference between types is only their size. Other than that, the types in a group have the same properties.  
- None of the fundamental types above have a specified size, instead, they have a minimum size. Therefore, the type is not required (and in many cases is not) exactly this minimum size. This does not mean that these types are of an undetermined size, but that there is no standard size across all compilers and machines.
- If size/precision of the type is not a concern, then char, int, and double are typically selected to represent characters, integers, and floating-point values, respectively. The other types in their respective groups are only used in very particular cases.
## Modifiers
Signedness: 
- signed — target type will have signed representation (this is the default if omitted) 
- unsigned — target type will have unsigned representation 
  
Size: 
- short — target type will be optimized for space and will have width of at least 16 bits. 
- long — target type will have width of at least 32 bits. 
- long long — target type will have width of at least 64 bits. (since C++11)
  
By default, most integral types in C++ (like int, short, long, long long) are signed. This means they can store both positive and negative numbers, including zero. The unsigned keyword means we can only store positive numbers (including zero). Since no bit is reserved for the sign, they can store more positive values than the signed version. An unsigned char can represent values from 0 to 255, a signed char typically ranges from -128 to 127.

## Floating-point types
Note: precision is all about how many decimals you can store. Modifiers such as "long" are all about how many whole digits we can store.
- float — single precision floating-point type. Usually IEEE-754 binary32 format. 
- double — double precision floating-point type. Usually IEEE-754 binary64 format. 
- long double — extended precision floating-point type. Does not necessarily map to types mandated by IEEE-754. 
### Floating-point types can support special values:
- infinity (positive and negative)
- the negative zero, -0.0. It compares equal to the positive zero, but is meaningful in some arithmetic operations, e.g. 1.0 / 0.0 == INFINITY, but 1.0 / -0.0 == -INFINITY
- not-a-number (NaN), which does not compare equal with anything (including itself). Multiple bit patterns represent NaNs.